Questions related to NgRx only - 

1) What is NgRx ?
Ans)
 -NgRx is used for State Managament in Angular Application 
 -It is similar to Redux pattern of state management used in React application
 -It is basically 3rd party reactive library for angular applicaion
 
2) What is Redux pattern ? how does NgRx Manages the state ?
Ans)
- Redux pattern helps to manage state by providing one way data flow throught the application
- Redux is predictable state container for Javascript application this pattern can be used with any
frontend frameworks/library like - Angular, React, Vue, etc
-Redux has 3 main principal - Store
							  Action
							  Reducer
-Store : store is javascript object that holds the complete state of the applicaion.
		 store organizes the applicaion state.
		 It is single source of truth for complete state of the applicaion
		 to install store cmd - npm i @ngrx/store
-Action :It repersents an user event
		 Action is a javascript object which contains type (action type) and payload
-Reducer : reducer is pure function
		 Reducer takes two input (Action and previous state from Store) and gives new state.
		 Reducer function is written as Switch statement with a case per action.type

NgRx is build on redux pattern, for angular applicaion we use this 3rd party libr called -NgRx

3) What is pure function and impure function ?
pure function - Function which takes same input and produces same output without any side-effects

ex - function sum(x,y){
	const result = x+y;
	return result;
	}

Pure function always return consistent result
pure function will not access properties from outside scope
pure function will not mutate

Impure function - Function which produces different output for same input values

ex - 
	let c =1;
	function sum(x,y){
	const result = x+y+c;
	return result;
	}

Impure function always return Inconsistent result
Impure function will have side-effects
Impure function  mutates other state object which caueses side-effects

4) Does Reducer function should be a pure function or impure function ?
Ans-Reducer function should be pure function
bcoz- Reducer function will manipulate the applicaion state, this manipulatation of state is done in
immutable way, that is rather than overriding the old slice of state in the state tree, should create
a new state tree itself and gives to store

5) When should we go for NgRx ?
Ans-When applicaion size is mid-size or large 
-It has been difficult to manage state of the applicaion
-When there lot of services used to manage the state
-when multiple http calls used in the applicaion
-when there is complex component interaction 
-Also NgRx has greate devtools(like- time travel debugging)

6) Two ways to initialize the StoreModule ?
Ans- StoreModule.forRoot(reducer) // root level
	 StoreModule.forFeature('feature', reducer) // feature-module level
	 
7)How to do component interaction ?
Ans- Using parent-child communication
	- By creating Services and using the BehaviourSubject or Subject concept provided by RxJs
	- By using NgRx concept (i.e- dispatching an action and subscribing to the store)
	
8)What is selector in NgRx ?
-Selector is like a reusable query for our store
-selector is basically a function which droves/get into the stores and return a bit(slice) of state
-Selector adds an abstraction b/w component and store interaction

9) Which are the two basic types of selectors provided by NgRx library ?
Ans-
	1) CreateFeatureSelector
	2) CreateSelector



	 
		 
							  